Added info about Symfony 5.4 update to 3.3.15 RN (#1676)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/releases/ibexa_dxp_v3.3.md

| Ibexa Content  | Ibexa Experience  | Ibexa Commerce |
|--------------|------------|------------|
| [Ibexa Content v3.3.0](https://github.com/ibexa/content/releases/tag/v3.3.0) | [Ibexa Experience v3.3.0](https://github.com/ibexa/experience/releases/tag/v3.3.0) | [Ibexa Commerce v3.3.0](https://github.com/ibexa/commerce/releases/tag/v3.3.0)|

> ## 3.3.15 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## v3.3.15 
```

### Symfony 5.4

> The version 3.3.15 moves eZ Platform to Symfony 5.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version v3.3.15 moves Ibexa DXP to Symfony 5.4.
```
